Accelerated Chemistery (H) - PK

Learning Outcome: LO3A
Stregths:
	Showed good ability to creatively solve for predicted masses of products in a chemical reaction with percentage yield incorporation. Employed clever methods for predicting masses in chemical reactions. Made flexible use of core indicators to predict reaction outcomes and solve tricky stoichiometric problems.

Learning Outcome: LO2A
Areas for Growth:
	This outcome was one of only a very few when you were inconsistent in your ability to apply knowledge to something new. When considering chromatography, remember that the Rf values will move in the context of the most and least polar substances, even in the case of a blended mobile phase. Answer prompts fully and provide detailed evidence for every aspect of your claim. Go back and double check your work! Avoid the temptation to rush, and process carefully.

Michael, you are off to an excellent start in Accelerated Chemistry. You are an eager learner, a reliable contributor to both our whole-class discussions and at your inquiry table, and you are regularly showing a high level of problem solving skill. I’m excited to see how you focus your efforts during the science inquiry process! Keep up the high level work.



Precalculus with Proofs (H) - Gowri

Learning Outcome: LO1B
Stregths:
	You’re able to apply the principle of mathematical induction by meticulously including every detail of the proof. You can solve trigonometric equations by carefully applying relevant trigonometric identities, knowledge of the unit circle, and algebraic rules.

Learning Outcome: LO2B
Areas for Growth:
	Precise Definitions: Make a conscious effort to understand the mathematical meaning of definitions and the specific role they play in mathematical reasoning. Algebraic and Limit Laws: Keep a running list of the rules that trip you up and revisit them every few days. As you solve problems, pay close attention to how each one is being used. Logical Transitions: Aim to gain clarity on precisely which law is being applied to move from one line of a solution to the next. At this level, random guessing will not suffice; every step must be intentional, purposeful and justified.

Michael Gong, you clearly value learning independently and enjoy working through the handouts on your own. You consistently arrive well-prepared for tests, which demonstrates a strong work ethic.The next level of growth for you will come from engaging your fellow students in deeper discussion or even taking the time to work with a struggling peer. When you do so, I challenge you not to give them easy answers or even hints. Instead, ask them to explain the definitions to you and check their understanding of the theory. In other words, guide them to take the path you took, but allow them to do the heavy lifting themselves. Teaching others in this way will sharpen your own understanding and build your leadership skills.



